Tony Franklin
Robin you can be quiet integrations
original Robin this family was killed by
criminals the flying Grayson's they
offered her a from fat because I bats
hey very sad the story of the flying
Grayson's
but Dick Grayson was taking on a Bruce
Wayne tutelage
he became the original Robin he was very
silly and jokey and a happy boy a b-boy
a very happy boy
now after crisis on Infinite Earths they
are more serious Dick Grayson was like
I'm an angry teenager
- grace - fuck you Batman I become
Nightwing fucking crazy I'm become
Nightwing all day so he became my way
and after he became my way he went and
he served the Teen Titans for angry
teenage superheroes who didn't feel like
they were appreciated by others to be
roasted a star superheroing fuck you
Bruce fuck you Bruce I'm gonna call you
Bruce cuz I'm Nightwing I'm a man now
dammit I'm angry I'm dark all the time
I'm really angry I'm Luke you fucked up
all the outfits like Batman don't be
fucked up all day you need to be nice
sometimes because this was after Frank
Miller so everything's really dark seems
like no I'm angry all right you find it
kid after crisis jacking the tires off
the Batmobile jacking hubcaps from the
Batmobile Batman yeah you're pretty bad
jack turn the Batmobile what's your
problem you kids like I'm Jason Todd a
lot of issues it's like no instead be
Robin Jason stop
no my guess is nothing but my mother has
issues
Batman's like it doesn't matter I love
you come here Robin Jason's aunt Robin
but like keep psycho Robin if you get
two babies like I'm a joke your baby's
life
no Robin and that means like Robin calm
the fuck down
Jason daughters like fuck you Batman I
don't need you you're not my fucking
father
and uses basely big problem and just
really violent veterans like here hold
off these guys Robins like okay I'll
whip out a gun and shoot at these
motherfuckers Batman's life Robin you
can't do that black light over here
Robin's like whatever I don't give a
shit I'm the man that ends life okay
surviving Joker's escape rope and I know
where your mother is
hey Jason know where your mother is case
nothing oh really she's like Jimmy's
like yeah she's my Africa
he's like look you know Africa I'm gonna
have to call in whole Jason Todd survive
or should he die everyone was like kill
that bitch kill that bitch so yes Africa
he's like are you my mom no goes on so
he's probably dead
he's dead and then sugar just always the
shit out of you with a crowbar he said
Robin I've all the machine into you with
this girl are Robins like pleased Oh Joe
is like he just beat him to death that
man goes no this is very sad for me
rather look no more office no more this
bullshit with the little kids follow me
around in the tight will be my own man
and that works really well until his kid
Tim Drake is like I watch the exploits
of Batman and Robin since I was very
young and I saw a lot of stuff of Batman
and Robin figuring out the Tim Drake is
actually long that Dick Grayson
so he's like Alfred this is what's up
Batman's been way too creepy recently
he's been just taking it out a little
babies and scary and the sketchy dude
you need to definitely get a new Robin
it's like I read above a fucking new
Robin I'm back
upwards like I wrote Bruce you can being
crazy convert gusto Dick Grayson he's
like hey it's like fuck you I'm not wait
it's just like yeah
please be Robin again because backends
all crazy and dick written by okay I'll
help that wing but only Batman Valley
but only as Nightwing and and Batman's
like talk to megwin Alfred man Batman
needs a Robin how is he going to handle
it ship it out a little boy running
around with it and Alfred's like you're
right I don't know and so he gives them
access to the costume they go after I
think scarecrow
big toys don't make me after class that
I let your brows go you do all agree to
balance our guesses worse
American kill those anchors Newcomb is
not actually that amazing I call you
guys later with Captain Boomerang much
like
Jim Drake is like the best Robin ever
he's like that's whenever holiness that
weight was never gonna be the next
motherfucking Batman it's all the gyms
the oldest game but then I'm leaving
it's absolutely adorable I'm leaving my
girlfriend the spoiler what a gay
character spoilers spoilers daughter of
a supervillain she was gay issue is
useless here's about a very difficult
girl Tara go Robin and then she was
Robin for like five seconds black mask
is like hey you wanna be fucking Robin
let me show you about being fucking
Rompin fucking tortures her ass horribly
and kills her supposedly she's back now
it's gay
but Jason doubt is back Matthew Tim
Drake is like I will come back be robbed
at diamonds like thanks I love you be be
my son is your dad dead now I'm your
Infinite Crisis Tim Drake is like
Loggins I don't have much of a
motherfucking choice and he's like damn
right - doctor kids I'm Bruce Wayne and
Batman found until the Batman fugitive
storyline it was better to have friends
like Robin and dad enemies I should note
here that originally Robin just wore
like tighty whities green tiny green
and I was all in like a shirt also okay
but then James not like a shit game but
he still wore it Tim Drake was the one
who was like I also need pants
definitely not incredible how scary
would it be if Batman showed up and they
have like a naked pre-adolescent with it
like oh fuck it's Batman and his naked
breasts